docs (coco import): warn user about the absolute coordinates (#534)
encord-team/encord-active: docs/docs/import/import-predictions.mdx

You need to have a results JSON file following the [COCO results format](https://cocodataset.org/#format-results) and run the following command on it:

:::info

> Ensure that the coordinates in the COCO result file are absolute (not scaled into [0-1]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the annotations' coordinates in the COCO results file are not normalized.
```
